RUDI turns a corner and sees Fletcher Street shrouded in gloom. Three brave
street lamps, the only ones not smashed out, do their best to illuminate an area
fifty feet wide by a football-field long but it’s not enough. There are still
stretches of complete darkness where the light doesn’t dare tread. And what
little light there is looks spread thin on an uneven surface, like cold butter
on burnt toast.

Rudi can make out a lot of busted-in windows and boarded-up doors. The yellow
glow from the street lamps filters down to a dull red at the end of the light’s
domain, glinting off puddles that dot the road’s surface, their water flush with
the pavement.

He sees the front of the garage. It looks just as shabby as the rest of the
street. Rudi understands that that’s probably why the victims chose this spot.
Free parking for kids on a budget. _Still doesn’t explain McCullough, though_,
Rudi thinks.

Rudi pulls out his cellphone and presses his flashlight app. The camera flash
lights up on a full burn.

Rudi cringes from the shock of it in the dark and looks away for a second.

He sets off down the street, sweeping the phone’s light in front of him to watch
his step. His footsteps echo off the buildings. The night does weird things to
the sound. He feels like this is a mistake. He should be home, winding down,
watching a movie, eating dinner. He needs a drink. But he’s committed now. He
needs to see it.

Rudi stops dead. The asphalt under his phone’s light just changed color. It’s a
rusty brown now.

Rudi backs up, looking for where the discoloration began. He finds the edge and
follows it for fifteen feet in an irregular circle. He lifts his phone high to
spread out the light and reveals a giant blob in the middle of the road. Blood.

_McCullough_.

Rudi looks up. He’s twenty yards from the parking garage entrance. It’s lit up
by one of the street lamps. He can see chips in the cement where McCullough’s
stray bullets struck.

Rudi stares at the garage entrance. According to the story McCullough opened
fire from right here. On both the victims _and_ the police. _So the place where
Mason and Patel took cover should be somewhere over_...

_There_, Rudi thinks, turning around. He sees a likely candidate and marches
toward it. It’s a dumpster. Rudi gets closer and sees that he was right. There
are bullet holes in the front. There are a lot of drag marks on the pavement,
too. They must have dragged a corner out to hide behind it.

Rudi looks back at the garage. The patch of dried blood where McCullough died
lies between them. Dead between.

_Holy shit_, Rudi thinks. They had a direct line on the victims. _If they’d
fired on McCullough from here before McCullough killed the victims, Mason and
Patel would have killed them themselves_.

Rudi turns off the flashlight and opens his camera app. He holds it up. He snaps
a picture of the view of the parking garage entrance from where Mason and Patel
were firing. The camera’s flash ricochets off the walls like a gunshot.

There’s a noise off to his right. Rudi covers the phone’s screen with his hand
and strains his eyes in the darkness. A sudden gust of wind picks up and a chill
spiders up his spine.

The phone vibrates in his hand and he jumps. He laughs nervously and tells
himself to calm the fuck down. He takes his hand off the screen. There's a new
text message. He opens it.

```
4068486737:     I’m glad someone else is searching for the truth, too.
```

Rudi looks up, his heart thudding staccato beats in his chest. He sees someone
standing at the end of the street, silhouetted by the lights from the
intersection. Rudi wants to shout but he can’t find his voice. He looks at his
phone.

```
Rudi:           Who the fuck are you?
4068486737:     Just someone searching for the truth.
4068486737:     Someone who wants to bring these shiteaters to justice.
```

Rudi looks up. The figure is gone. He looks back at his phone.

_What the fuck is a shiteater_?
