RUDI doesn’t go straight home after work. Home is in Brooklyn. He stays on the
subway instead, his thoughts mobilizing for mental warfare, old beliefs
rebelling against new decisions, like wretched indigenes lurking in dark alleys,
waiting for their colonizing oppressors to stumble by. He ignores the constant
osmosis of passengers embarking and debarking every time the doors open. He just
keeps riding, thinking, hurtling southward down some algaed tunnel toward the
financial district.

He never met his parents; he has no memory of them. They died when he was two.
He grew up with the man who named him, his mother’s father. Rudi’s Grandpére
Cohn-Bendit was a French expat living a self-imposed exile in upstate New York.
He was a short man, wide-shouldered, with a red nose from a life of too much
cognac and white hair from a life of too much heartache.

When Rudi was a boy his best friend was the next door neighbor, a boy two years
older than him named Calvin. Most of their time together was spent swordfighting
with sticks they broke off of the neighborhood maple trees. They didn’t worry
too much about getting into trouble because Calvin’s parents were usually out
and Rudi’s grandpére preferred a “hands-off” approach to parenting. He was
always too busy in his study to notice the boys beating each other senseless in
the backyard.

Until one unusual day in the late summer of ’01.

They played silently, like always, pulling their swings at the last moment to
stay quiet. The only sound they made came from the dull wooden thwack of sword
on sword and the padding of their bare feet in the grass. The constant drone of
cicadas and the rustling gof the leaves in the breeze served to drown them out.

But their sword fights had been getting more intense as they grew and this time,
as they silently fought, they began to lose control of themselves. Their swings
fell heavier, their swords cracked louder, and their grunts slowly coalesced
into words.

“Surrender!” shouted Calvin. “Never!” shouted little Rudi. “En garde!” shouted
Calvin.

The back door suddenly flew open, slamming against the house’s sideboards, and
Rudi’s grandpére came running out, his eyes wild with fear.

“Rudi! Calvin!” he shouted.

The boys, chastened, stopped fighting and backed up, bracing for a scolding. But
the old man, when he saw them, realized what the swords were for. His worry
evaporated. He broke into a smile.

“Swordfighting, eh?” he asked his grandson in French.

Rudi nodded. Calvin’s eyes darted between the two, confused. 

“I can show you a thing or two,” the old man said.

Rudi held out his stick. His grandpére took it.

They ended ups pending all afternoon learning the finer points of the thrust and
parry. Grandpére Cohn-Bendit turned out to have been the captain of his high
school fencing team and had a lot to teach. The lessons continued the next
morning. But thirty minutes into it Grandpére Cohn-Bendit received an urgent
phone call. He had to run out of the house, but he couldn’t take the boys with
him and he couldn’t send them over to Calvin’s, so he bade them behave
themselves and told them he’d be back soon. Then he left.

While he was gone the boys continued to practice. Only this time, having learned
the basics of real swordplay, their fighting turned epic.

Calvin rushed at Rudi in a bonsai charge, sword raised, yelling at the top of
his lungs. Rudi spread his legs and threw up his sword in a defensive stance and
blocked the attack. Calvin swung again. Rudi blocked it. They fell to fighting
in the way they’d been taught, thrusting and parrying, Calvin using his bulk to
press Rudi up against the house, Rudi trying to use his smaller size to dart
around him. Calvin was winning, and Rudi was finding himself cornered. Rudi,
perceiving an escape through the house’s back door, slipped inside. Calvin
followed.

Inside, Calvin pursued with a vengeance. Rudi, retreating, lead him deeper and
deeper into the house. They fought their way past the kitchen, into the foyer,
and up the stairs. At the top Rudi went left and entered his grandpére’s study.

There commenced his final stand. Calvin continued to push Rudi back into a
corner. Rudi stopped, feeling his back hit his grandpére’s desk against the
wall.

“Surrender!” Calvin yelled. “Never!”

Rudi dug deep. He threw everything he had into beating Calvin back, gaining a
few feet of breathing space. Then he spent it all at once, turning around and
clambering up onto the desk just as Calvin was rushing to fill it back in.

Rudi raised his sword and prepared to mount a new defense. But when he stepped
back into a fighting stance he knocked a picture frame off the wall. It
clattered to the floor, hitting the desk on its way down and shattering,
showering the carpet in sharpened slivers of glass.

The boys, shocked, dropped their sticks and fled.
