“RUDI, where the hell have you been?”

Rudi stares at Mack, Editor-in-Chief for the New York Journal, with something
like a son’s need not to tell his father he’s been out all night at a strip
club. They’re in the old man’s office in the Journal’s Manhattan headquarters.
Mack isn’t technically Rudi’s boss, at least not directly, so Rudi isn’t
actually in trouble. But Mack is somewhat of a father figure to Rudi, the guy
that poached him to write an occasional column for the Opinions page—his
“mentor,” so to speak—so Rudi doesn’t like disappointing him. Especially by
being late for lunch.

“Well?” Mack asks, his grey moustache hanging over his mouth like an open
parenthesis.

“The morgue,” Rudi blurts out. _And there it is_, he thinks, _now I’ve got
boobie glitter all over my face_. Mack gives Rudi a disappointed glare, exactly
the one he’d been afraid of. “You’re not investigating the Fletcher Street
shooting, are you?” Mack asks.

Rudi looks down and back up, trying to conquer his impulse toward childish
prostration. _Explain nothing_, he thinks. _Apologize to no one_.

“Yes,” he says.

Mack shakes his head. “I don’t know why you insist on succeeding downwards.
You’re already a columnist, Rudi. You started as a columnist. I hired you to be
a columnist. You’ll never make as much money as a reporter as you will as a
columnist. I can talk to Silvers about giving you a raise and bumping you up to
a weekly.” Mack closes his mouth for a second. He searches Rudi’s face for
something. “That’s what this is about, right? More money?”

“No, Mack, of course not. I want to be a real journalist. I hate pundits. And
now I am one. I contribute nothing to society. Spin. Bullshit. That’s what I
contribute. Fucking misdirection.”

“You were a pundit before I found you,” Mack says, his voice slowly rising in
pitch. “You ran a blog. You liked doing that. What happened? What changed?”

Rudi looks out the window. A forty-five story view of Midtown Manhattan. His
eyes flit from building to building, as if one of them contains the answer he’s
looking for.

He looks back at Mack. “Nothing changed. I still like it. But I need to do
something, too. I was a pundit and a reporter back then. I ran the blog and
worked for the school paper. I like doing both.”

Mack sighs. A long let-all-the-air-out-of-the-balloons-’cause-the-party’s-over
sigh. “If you’re going to keep down this road then at least you can investigate
stories that _aren’t_ completely hopeless. The Fletcher Street story isn’t going
to yield anything. It’s a national tragedy. And a hero story. That’s the
narrative and it’s not going to change. Plus, it’s too big a story for you.
You’re just starting out. Drop it. For me. And I’ll get you an assignment. But I
still expect your column to keep coming.”

Rudi purses his lips.

“Will you please drop it, Rudi? I’m asking as your friend. You’re wasting your
talents. Literally on nothing.”

“All right.”

“Thank you.” Mack picks up his neglected pastrami sandwich and takes a bite.
Rudi does the same.

“Caroline’s taking a summer semester. She’s staying in the dorms.”

“She pick a major yet?” Rudi asks.

“Still exploratory.” Rudi nods.

Mack’s phone begins to ring. They both look at it. The Chief Editor of the
world’s most widely circulated newspaper rarely gets a break. Mack picks up the
receiver and presses a button.

“Hello?”

Rudi waits while Mack listens. Then he nods when Mack indicates that it’s
important. He picks up his sandwich and leaves the room.
