_IF the voice of the youth is strong, the city is well_, Rudi thinks,
translating his grandpére’s words twenty years later in the claustrophobic light
of the subway. He feels the train’s momentum retard as it pulls into Broad
Street Station. The brakes squeal gently until it comes to a halt and the doors
open.

Rudi grabs his backpack and gets off the train. He heads for the surface.

It’s already dusk. Wall Street is all shadows and eerie light patterns below the
House of Morgan building. The New York Stock Exchange stands across the street.
_A stately house_, Rudi thinks, sarcastically. _Engine to our nation_.

He looks down the road. The setting sun bounces off hundreds of windows on its
way down to the pavement. The street is cast in a ruddy yellow glow, as if it’s
at the bottom of a financial Grand Canyon, literally made of gold, built by man
instead of time. Between the tops of the buildings, far above, Rudi can see the
bottoms of the rippling clouds, their cresting tips pink like the white caps of
breaking waves. Rudi walks west. He doesn’t think about where he’s going. He
just walks. A flâneur lost in thought.

His feet find their own purpose, his unconscious mind directing him with its own
motives.

He comes here sometimes, to think, after closing time, after the markets shut
down and the money, the abstract, theoretical machinery that controls the world,
stops moving. He can feel the weight of it sleeping above him.

He knows it’s irrational to feel unaccomplished. He’s the youngest columnist the
New York Journal has ever employed. He has a massive readership, in print and
online, especially among his own age group. And his blog is listed in _CNET’s
Top 50 Most Influential Websites_.

But still. He can’t help that nagging feeling. Like he hasn’t done anything yet.

He looks up from his thoughts, down the length of Wall Street. People throng out
of buildings, heading home for the night. After rush hour the financial district
will be a ghost town. A few investors have tried to spice up the downtown
nightlife but to little success. There are a few clubs people like to check out,
but that’s about it.

Rudi suddenly remembers that both the victims and the shooter were heading to
one of those clubs. _Fletcher Street’s pretty close_, he thinks. And now he has
to see it. He has to see the place where they died.
