THE official story of the Fletcher Street Massacre, the hero cops version, the
one that all the major news outlets ran with, is this:

Trevor McCullough, a tragically typical disgruntled young male who fits the
profile of a mass shooter perfectly, drives his brother’s truck down to the
financial district. He’s armed with a MAC-10 and 5 thirty-round magazines. His
intentions, made clear from evidence discovered later, are to enter one of the
new clubs in the area and engage in a shooting spree.

He parks on Fletcher Street and leaves the garage. As he walks down the road
he’s spotted by two off-duty detectives: Stephen Mason, the police chief’s son,
and Kailash Patel, his partner. They find McCullough’s behavior pretty
suspicious, so they try to talk to him. McCullough, spooked, opens fire. He
misses. Mason and Patel seek cover and call for back-up.

At the exact same time Alan Foran, Stephanie Foran, and Lacey Fitzpatrick all
exit the parking garage. _Their_ intentions, gathered from Facebook and Twitter
postings, are to have a good time clubbing. McCullough hears them, spins around,
and opens fire. All three are dead before the shooting even stops.

Mason and Patel open fire from behind cover. They hit McCullough and kill him.

The event is a tragedy. Three young adults with bright futures lost their lives
in a senseless murder. But it’s also a miracle. If Mason and Patel hadn’t come
along and McCullough had reached his target the body count could have been
higher. Much higher.

Or so the story goes. Rudi still has questions, though. For instance, why did
McCullough bother parking on Fletcher Street if his target was a club two blocks
away? And what about his behavior did Mason and Patel find suspicious? And did
McCullough really fit that mass shooter profile so perfectly? Aren’t most mass
shooters white? Also, what were Mason and Patel doing there in the first place?
Why didn’t the victims hear the shots and stay inside the garage? How did
McCullough score three kill shots on the victims and yet not a single hit on
Mason and Patel? And now, if McCullough killed Lacey and the Forans, but Mason
and Patel killed _him_, why did the coroners find the bullet holes to be
consistent on all four bodies? McCullough was firing 9mm’s. Mason and Patel were
both packing .38’s (though even _that_ was suspect—.38’s are not standard issue
police weapons). If Mason and Patel really killed McCullough, the bullet holes
on his body should have been appreciably larger than those found on his three
victims. But, like the coroner said, the bullet holes were all the same size.
