WHEN Rudi’s grandpére returned he had with him a young blonde woman. They spoke
in hurried French as they moved through the house. When they came to the study
and Grandpére Cohn-Bendit saw what had happened he became furious. He sent
Calvin home—for his parents were back by this time—and Rudi to his room.

Rudi listened at his bedroom door to their whispered conversation.

“Don’t be too hard on him, Oncle, please,” the woman said. She spoke good
French, in an accent Rudi knew vaguely from old movies to be aristocratic.

“He’s a good child, but foolhardy. He doesn’t think. He just does.”

“Sounds like stories I’ve heard of you,” she said. “And his father.”

“Let us hope, for his sake, that you are wrong.”

Already their voices were moving away.

“About this boy you spoke of,” Rudi’s grandpére continued. “This Henri. You love
him?”

Rudi struggled to hear the rest but they were gone.

A few hours later, Rudi was called out of his room and back to the study. The
Frenchwoman was gone and the glass had been vacuumed up. His grandpére was
standing in front of the picture, which had been hung back up in a new frame. He
beckoned little Rudi over, intending for them to admire it together. Rudi came,
but he didn’t look at the picture. He stared at his grandpére’s arm, just above
the elbow, the blackened silhouette of a clenched, upraised fist.

“Do you know what this means?” grandpére Cohn-Bendit asked, calling his
attention to the picture. Rudi looked up and followed his gaze. He eyed the
framed vellum with suspicion, noticing that it wasn’t a photograph at all, but
rather a drawing. He stared at it, as if he’d never really seen it before. It
was a poster of average size, maybe a foot and a half wide by two feet tall, and
yellowing at the edges. There was a picture of a cartoonish brick at the bottom
and in big block letters at the top it said “Moins de 21 Ans Voici Votre
Bulletin de Vote.”

“Under twenty-one years old,” Rudi translated, “here is your ballot.”

The old man smiled and patted him on the head. “Yes, that’s what it says,” he
said. “But not what it means.”

Rudi looked back up at him. “Grandpére, why do you hope I’m not like you?”

The old man was taken aback. Then he smiled. “You were eavesdropping. You
shouldn’t do that. It’s rude.”

Rudi frowned. “But why did you say that?”

His grandpére sighed. He looked at the poster. “That’s why,” he said, nodding
toward it.

“The poster?”

The old man nodded. “When I was a young man the word was a different place. TV
was brand new and many of us were just beginning to see how depressing the world
really was. We saw war, poverty, corruption, hatred, all these terrible things
on the nightly news and it shocked us. We’d always known that bad things happen,
that the world was in a shambles, but we’d never seen them so up close and right
there in the middle of our living room before.

“Kids my age decided to do something about it. Not just in France, but all over
the world. Most of us couldn’t vote yet so the only way we could make our voices
heard was to protest. To rebel. To make a spectacle of ourselves and our
society.

“It mostly started out peaceful, but the police reacted badly. Students were
beaten and hurt and responded in kind. Bricks and firebombs were thrown at the
police and clubs and tear gas were thrown at the students.

“It became violent because we were too new to the world to know better. But it
didn’t matter. Because when our parents saw us being beaten for standing up they
joined us. Everywhere. In Paris, in Chicago, at Berkley, in Warsaw, in Prague,
in Chicago. Even in Mexico. The whole world held its breath for nearly a decade
because it felt like we were either creating a utopia or bringing civilization
to an end. “Neither of those things happened, but it did get better. We changed
things. Because the young people held a mirror up to the people in charge and
showed them what they’d become and made them change. It wasn’t what we said or
did that mattered, it was what they did to us. That was what made people open
their eyes.”

He looked down at his grandson. “But we didn’t finish, Rudi. Not by a long shot.
And that’s why I hope you’re nothing like me. Because it’s never finished. You
fight and you fight and you fight and you ruin your life fighting but it never
ends. And if you’re anything like me, you’ll do it anyway, because when you’re
young you’re on fire and it’s you care about. It’s all you think about. And you
think you can change things where an older person just accepts what is. And
maybe that’s society’s saving grace, that young people care, truly care, but it
doesn’t matter in the end because it’s nothing but sadness and death for the
ones you care about.” He isn’t even talking to his grandson anymore. He’s
talking to himself. “Si vox adulescentiae valet, urbs salvet.”
