>“I have something to say but I don’t know what.”
------------------------------------------------

RUDI Rudd sees his reflection in the mirrored steel of a cold storage box and
shivers. The only color he sees in the room is his hair, chin length and
involuntarily red, flaming out like a communist flag in a world of black
anarchists and white capitalists. He doesn’t want to see the corpse but he knows
he needs to. So he watches his reflection slide off the steel as the coroner
opens the drawer and he listens to the clean metallic screeching as it slides
out on its tracks. Then it’s open. And it’s quiet. There’s nothing left but the
hum of refrigeration units and the bustle of the hospital upstairs. He takes a
step forward to look at the corpse.

She’s beautiful. Or was, before death. Nineteen according to the police report.
Blonde hair. Blue eyes stare blankly at the ceiling tiles. A soldier’s
thousand-yard-stare has nothing on a dead teenage girl’s.

Rudi’s eyes travel down the length of her body. Three dark holes pock her
breasts like an ellipsis.

_Stephanie Elise Foran_, Rudi thinks. _What could have been_...

“There are others,” the coroner says. “Three, right?”

The coroner nods. “Show me.”

The coroner begins opening drawers. Rudi follows, examining each body. 

Lacey Fitzpatrick. White female. 20. 5'4".

Alan Foran. White Male. 22. 5'11".

Trevor McCullough. Black male. 16. 5'8".

Rudi approaches this last body slowly. The shooter. Exit wounds riddle his torso
like he’s the victim of a firing squad. White flecks of rib and red viscera show
through the gaps in his chest.

Rudi looks up at the coroner. The coroner nodes. “And?” Rudi asks.

“The ballistics report claimed that the bullet fragments found in McCullough’s
body did not match the fragments found in his victims.”

“You don’t agree with that part.”

The coroner looks down at the body. He’s thinking. Rudi waits.

“I am not a ballistics expert,” he says, almost to McCullough rather than Rudi.

“But you did the autopsies on all the bodies. You must have some kind of
opinion.”

“The coroner continues to stare at McCullough and think. He weighs his words as
if he’s already testifying before the court.

The coroner looks up, his face stern. “According to the ballistics report the
bullets found in the various bodies were not the same size.”

Rudi sighs. He’d been hoping this man would have enough backbone to give him
something. _Anything_. Somewhere to start looking for answers. Even just a
carrot to keep him going. It’s been two days since the press ran with the “Hero
Cops” story and he’s found nothing so far.

Rudi looks down at McCullough’s face. He looks composed. Probably by the
coroner. He’s serene.

Tranquil. Not at all angry.

“But the bullet holes were...”

Rudi looks up. “What? Were what?”

The coroner, suddenly anxious, slams McCullough’s drawer shut. Rudi jumps. The
coroner scurries away to the next drawer.

“Were what?” Rudi asks, following.

The coroner ignores him. He closes Alan’s drawer with some of his earlier grace
restored and moves on.

“Were what, Mr. Weiss?”

The coroner keeps moving, closing the next drawer, plunging Lacey into lonely
darkness. Rudi knows he’s making a mistake. He’s intimidating the man now. He
doesn’t have much experience dealing with nervous sources, but it’s pretty clear
he’s doing more harm than good.

“Were what?” he asks anyway.

The coroner gets to the last drawer. Stephanie’s. He stands there, gazing at
her. “Were what?”

The coroner clenches his eyes shut, like a child trying to shut out the
monsters. He shakes his head at them. Rudi understands. They’re monsters of
conscience.

“The only thing evil needs to prevail is for good men to do nothing,” Rudi says.

The coroner opens his eyes and looks at Rudi. Universes of empathy rend open for
a moment. Emotions and motivations are laid bare. Rudi sees fear in the
coroner’s eyes. The coroner sees anger in Rudi’s. Hatred. And something else.
Something unknowable...

The coroner breaks the connection and closes Stephanie’s drawer, almost
tenderly. “I’ve said all I can say. You need to leave.”

“The bullet holes were what, Mr. Weiss?” Rudi asks, knowing he won’t get
anything more.

“Were nothing,” the coroner says. He takes Rudi by the arm and begins pulling
him. Rudi is a short person, but wide, and strong; he could easily stay put if
he so wanted. But he lets the coroner guide him out the door and up the stairs
to a hallway on the main floor of the hospital. The coroner lets go and walks
back to the stairs.

“Were what?” Rudi asks, one last time.

The coroner stops. He stands there at the top of the stairs for a moment, his
back to Rudi, a man on a ledge. He turns his head slightly, so Rudi can see his
profile.

“You heard what I said.”

He stands there for a moment more. Then he resumes his controlled descent.

_The bullet holes were the same size_, Rudi thinks.
