AFTERNOON sunlight floods the conference room and spills across the great
mahogany table, reflecting off into every corner and making the room feel 10°
hotter than it really is. Rudi and Reese are sitting across the table from Mack.
A spaceship-looking telephone with no receiver sits between them.

“We can’t find a whole lot, Mack,” Reese says.

“What’s that supposed to mean?” Mack asks. “The video’s fake?”

“No, it’s definitely not fake,” Reese says. “That’s not the problem. It’s real.”

“Then what is it?”

“Mason and Patel just covered the whole thing up too well. They didn’t leave any
real loose ends,” Reese says. “Between the two of us we’ve probably made thirty
phone calls. At this point I’m pretty sure someone has tipped them off.” Reese
holds up his hand and ticks the results of their investigation off on his
fingers. “There’s no record of Trevor ever being a C.I., Police Evidence isn’t
missing any MAC-10’s, the ballistics guy stands by his report, and nothing at
the crime scene was fishy to anyone on the forensics team.”

“That’s the part that bothers me,” Rudi says. “There were seventeen people on
the forensics team that we called and not one of them had anything to say.
Either they’re all in on it, or...”

“They’re all idiots,” Reese says. “Listen, I’ve been doing this long enough to
know: a lot of forensics is mostly bullshit. It’s all hype. People watch shows
like CSI and get this idea into their heads that forensics is practically
psychic but it just isn’t real. Mason and Patel knew what the forensics team
would be looking for. And with two detectives telling their story, the
investigators wouldn’t have been looking too hard.”

“So you’re sure the video’s not fake,” Mack says.

“Yeah. It’s a hundred percent,” Reese says. “I started beefing up our digital
verification resources a couple years ago. I sent it to three experts. These are
Ph.D. guys working on state-of-the-art equipment and software. All three said it
was real, independently.”

“So it’s definitely real,” Mack says.

“Yes, it’s real,” Reese says, getting annoyed now. “Plus we got independent
confirmation.”

“How?”

“The coroner. He talked. Mason and Patel came to him and threatened to kill him
and his entire family if he didn’t say in his report that the bullet wounds on
Trevor were bigger than the ones on his three victims. That would make it
consistent with the ballistics report and their mass shooter story.”

“Well that’s great!” Mack says. “We can use that.”

“Only problem is we can’t publish it.”

“You’re kidding.”

“Nope. The coroner is terrified of retaliation.”

“Even if Mason and Patel are behind bars?” Mack asks. “Even if Mason and Patel
are behind bars,” Reese says. “Fuck.”

“Yeah.”

“Then I have to ask,” Mack says. “Do we publish with just the expert
verifications?”

“Absolutely,” says Reese. “Can you imagine not publishing a story like this? Two
cops murder four kids and cover it all up with a mass shooting story to make
themselves look like heroes? And we’ve got video?”

“We can sit on it, though. Wait for more evidence to break.”

“And risk Rudi’s source taking it to another paper?” Reese asks. “There isn’t
going to be any more evidence. They’re too good. We have three experts
independently saying the video is real and we have independent confirmation from
the coroner. The video is real. We print. In tomorrow’s paper.”

“So I’m making the call,” Mack says, leaving the statement open. “Absolutely,”
Reese says.

“What call?” Rudi asks.

“To the NYPD,” Mack says. Rudi is taken aback. “Why?”

“To let them know they have two murderers walking the streets wearing badges,”
Reese says. “So they can—you know—look into that.”

Rudi shakes his head. “But we don’t know how high this goes! You said it
yourself!” Rudi looks at Reese. “The Police Chief is Mason’s father!”

“I’ll be calling Internal Affairs,” Mack says. “It probably won’t be a problem.
Plus, they already know something’s going on after all your phone calls.”

Rudi nods reluctantly.

“Okay,” Reese says. “If that’s all, we’ll leave you to it.” Reese stands. Rudi
follows his lead. Mack nods. “Rudi, you stay for a minute.”

Rudi sits. “Yes, sir.”

Mack waits for Reese to leave.

“I have to talk to you about something important,” Mack says. “I know about your
group. The NPN.”

“The No Pants Network,” Rudi says hesitantly.

“Yeah,” Mack says. “Stupid fucking name.”

Rudi frowns. “It’s an homage to the Sans-Culottes.”

“A stupid fucking name paying tribute to homicidal maniacs.”

“What are you talking about?” Rudi says.

“They didn’t call it the Reign of Terror for nothing, Rudi.”

Rudi rolls his eyes and shakes his head.

“Now, look,” Mack says. “I think you know how I feel about the ethical issues
involved with one of my journalists running a protest network. Especially now
that you’re trying to be a reporter—”

Rudi opens his mouth to object but Mack heads him off.

“—which requires far more in the way of an unbiased reputation.” Mack pauses.
“But,” he says, “under the circumstances, it might be...” Mack trails off.

“Reasonable?”

“Efficacious,” Mack says, “if you were to take a lead role in directing the
city’s anger.” Rudi and Mack stare at each other, neither quite believing what
Mack is saying.

“Are you suggesting I—”

“Yes,” Mack says. “We’ve both seen what police shootings can do to a city,
especially one this heinous. It’s my understanding that the NPN is the most
extensive protest network in the city. I think that if you were to organize a
protest tomorrow it would provide a healthy outlet for the city’s outrage and
would prevent it from devolving into a riot.”

“Done,” Rudi says.

“You—”

“Already on it.”

Mack’s surprised.

“You think the NPN got this big by—”

“Stop. I don’t even want to hear it. Just tell me you’ve got this taken care
of.”

“Got it.”

“Okay,” Mack says. “That’s all I needed to hear.” Rudi nods.

“You can go now,” Mack says. Rudi stands up.

“Is there anyth—”

“No.”

Rudi nods and leaves.
