“ALRIGHT, Rudi, what are you in such a hurry to show me?”

Rudi is standing next to Mack in his office chair, setting up his laptop on the
desk. Mack is getting crowded by elbows in the process. Rudi launches truth.avi
and steps back.

“Shit,” Rudi says. Sunlight is spilling across the screen, covering the dark
video with four fingers of glare. He turns around and fumbles with the blinds.

“Calm down, Rudi,” Mack says. “What’s this about, anyway?”

“Just watch,” Rudi says, turning back around, sunlight defeated. He stand behind
Mack’s chair to watch.

“Rudi, I thought you said you were done with the Fletcher—” Mack closes his
mouth and leans forward, looking closer at the screen. In the video the camera
is positioned high in a building across from the parking garage. The entire
breadth of the street is visible. Mack can see three figures that just met. One
is facing toward the camera and lit up well enough to identify when he looks up.

He’s looking up now.

“Is he acknowledging the camera?” Mack asks.

“I think so, yeah,” Rudi says. “I think he’s identifying himself for us.”

“Is it...”

“McCullough, yeah,” Rudi says.

“And those two he’s talking to...”

“Mason and Patel, yeah,” Rudi says.

“So they had a conversation with McCullough,” Mack says. “Before he started
shooting.”

“It’d have to have been, wouldn’t it?”

“McCullough doesn’t seem very shoot-y to me.”

“Nope.”

In the video McCullough suddenly backs up, displaying hostility. There’s no
audio, butt the conversation looks heated.

“Here we go,” Mack says.

One of the detectives pulls a gun and aims it at McCullough. “Do you know which
one that is?” Mack asks.

“Mason or Patel?”

“Patel. Mason identifies himself later in the video.”

Three new figures appear in the top of the frame, coming out of the parking
garage. The angle and their distance from the camera allows them to be
identified.

“Those are the victims,” Mack says.

“Yeah, Stephanie, Alan, and Lacey.”

McCullough gives Patel the middle finger and turns around. He starts walking
toward the garage.

Patel takes a step forward, shouting at McCullough. McCullough ignores him.

The screen flashes white. “Whoa,” Mack says.

The screen continues to strobe, every shot Patel takes lighting up Fletcher
Street like a nightmare in the gaudy day. McCullough takes eight shots before
going down. As he sinks to the pavement, so, too, does Stephanie. Alan drops to
his knees and picks his sister up, cradling her in his arms. Lacey is still
standing but begins to scream hysterically. Patel spins around when he sees the
dead bystander and kicks at the ground, frustrated, like he missed a putt.

“Holy shit,” Mack says. “Trevor never killed anyone.”

“Keep watching,” Rudi says.

Mason and Patel get into an argument. Patel is irate, shouting and waving his
gun in the air. Mason puts his hand on Patel’s shoulders and calms him down.

Mason pulls out his own gun and leaves Patel standing in the street. He walks
toward the garage with a level, paced gait.

Lacey keeps screaming right up until the bullet enters her brain and her legs
give out. Mason turns the gun on Alan, still rocking back and forth on his
knees, and pulls the trigger. Alan slumps to the ground, his sister sprawled
awkwardly across his lap.

The silence in the office feels sudden. It’s been there the whole time, but now
it feels abrupt, as if Lacey had been right there in the office screaming next
to them and now their ears are ringing.

Mason’s face becomes identifiable as he walks back to Patel. He makes Patel wait
a few minutes while he makes a phone call. When it’s over, he and Patel have a
short, calm conversation where he seems to be giving Patel orders. Then they
both walk off in opposite directions. It becomes apparent that Mason’s phone
call was to someone who could tell him how to cover it up because he and Patel
go about systematically altering the crime scene to fit the official story.
Mason rearranges the bodies to make it look like they all died at the same time.
Patel moves a dumpster away from the wall below the camera and uses Trevor’s
hand to fire at it. They both walk around the crime scene picking up .38 casings
and making sure the only ones to be found are behind the dumpster where they
were firing from in the official story. When they finish Mason makes a phone
call while Patel fires from behind the dumpster to make it sound like they’re in
a shootout while calling for back up. Then the video ends.
