RUDI runs to catch up with Reese. He has to take three steps for every two of
Reese’s.

“We have to verify that video,” Reese says. “Who made it, why, how. And I want
to know why it cuts out so early. Where are all the first responders, that sort
of thing.”

Rudi nods.

“We have to get as many details as we can. Why were they meeting Trevor? What
pissed off Patel? Who did Mason call?”

Reese glances at Rudi. “You’re not writing any of this down. Where’s your
notepad.”

“I don’t have one.”

“What about your cellphone. You don’t have that app? Evernote?”

“No.”

“Well, buy it. If you’re serious about being a reporter you should always have
something to take notes with ready.”

They arrive at the elevator. Reese presses the down button. Rudi shifts his
laptop to his right arm and pulls out his cellphone. He tries to navigate to the
app store one-handed.

“What are you doing?” Reese asks. “Buying Evernote.”

“Jesus, dude, what are you, like, a serial multitasker?” Rudi frowns and cocks
his head, incredulous. “Put it away, man, we’re talking about the front page
article. Pay attention.”

Rudi puts his cellphone away.

“We need to find out how they covered the whole thing up, too,” Reese continues.

“How did they fix the ballistics report? Or the coroner’s? Where did the MAC-10
and 9-casings come from?”

The elevator arrives.

“I’m going to familiarize myself with the evidence in the case,” Reese says. “I
suggest you do the same.”

Rudi nods as the elevator doors slide open. They step on board. Reese presses
the button for the 23rd floor and the doors close.

“We’re not going to be able to answer everything,” Reese says. “But that’s the
nature of journalism. We learn as much as we can before we go to press because
the people have the right to know.”

Rudi nods.

“Here’s my theory, for what it’s worth,” Reese says. “I think Trevor was a C.I.
I think Mason and Patel wanted him to do something illegal and Trevor made the
video to prove they were dirty. He probably wore a wire, too, but we can guess
what happened to that.

“Trevor either revealed the wire or refused to cooperate. Patel shot him, hit
Stephanie. Mason’s a smooth operator, so he made sure there were no witnesses.
Then, I bet, he called his father. Daddy’s the Chief of Police. Pops scrambles
to send the Mac-10 and 9-cases with one of the first responders. Quick thinking
on the Chief’s part. He also starts cooking up the bedroom evidence. I know
there wasn’t much, just a few computer files, easy to plant during the
investigation.

“They do ballistics in-house, easy to fix. They bribe or intimidate the
coroner.”

“Intimidate,” Rudi says.

Reese pauses. “How do you know?”

“I talked to him. He seemed easy to intimidate.”

“Alright, they intimidate the coroner.” Reese falls into a deep, silent thought.

The elevator dips when it stops at the 23rd floor. The doors open and reveal a
massive room filled with steel and wood desks. Offices line the perimeter, some
occupied by 2 or 3 people behind a closed door, others empty and wide open.
Reporters buzz from desk to desk, chatting as if they were in a cafeteria.

“Welcome to the Bullpit,” Reese says. “Every paper has one. This one is ours.”

They step off the elevator and walk a dozen feet into the room.

“Relax, Rudi,” Reese says when he sees the look on Rudi’s face. “You’re going to
have training wheels on for the entire process. It’s a heck of a lot harder to
screw up the front page than it is an article on D3. You’ve got more people
watching.”

Rudi is still taking everything in. He’s used to the columnist offices, dark and
claustrophobic, where everyone has their own room. He gawks at the size of the
Bullpit, wondering how far in over his dead he really is.

“What’s this guy’s email?” Reese asks. “Your source.

“Twitterpated at o-m-x-w-b-h dot bizz.”

“Twitterpated, huh?” Reese says. “Like in Bambi.”

“Bambi?”

“The kid’s movie. Cartoon. From the Forties.” Rudi shakes his head.

“About all the woodland critters? Bambi’s the deer and his mother gets killed by
a hunter?” Reese’s brow furrows. “Not ringing any bells, huh.”

Rudi looks at Reese like he’s putting him on. “Not at all,” he says, shaking his
head.

“Well, whatever,” Reese says. “It doesn’t matter. But one of the characters
calls being in love being twitterpated. Like, having your ‘_pate_’ all in a
‘_twitter_’.”

“I thought it was just nonsense,” Rudi says.

“Nope.”

“You watch a lot of kids’ movies?” Rudi asks.

“I have a seven-year-old and a four-year-old.” Rudi nods.

“Congratulations.”

“Just email me a copy of that video,” Reese says, returning to business. “I’m
going to email it to a couple experts. I want you to email this Twitterpated guy
and find out what he might know. We’ll meet back here in half an hour. Okay?”

Rudi nods. “I got this.”

Reese nods back. They walk off in opposite directions.
