RUDI leaves the office at 6:45. He heads north, walking along the Avenue of the
Americas on autopilot, his thoughts lost in NPN history.

At first he had felt strange, being the only freshman—the only student,
really—who was simultaneously a member of Columbia University’s College
Republicans, College Democrats, and College Libertarians. It was pretty obvious
that if anyone figured it out he would instantly become Persona Non Grata at all
three. But he couldn’t help it. He was a political penguin. His grandpére had
raised him to be a freethinker. That gave him bipartisan views, which made him
hard to define. Besides, there were no rules against it, so why shouldn’t he
join all three? He just thanked God for political polarization—that the groups
hated each other enough that they didn’t crosscheck membership or anything.

After a few weeks, though, he began to notice another face standing out at all
three meetings. Suddenly Rudi wasn’t the only Triple-Partier on campus. The boy
had dark hair, a dark beard, and dark eyes, one of them slightly lazy. He was
short, like Rudi, and wore jeans, a blank, colored tee-shirt, and a pair of
wayfarers. And when he turned his lazy-eye on you, you just knew, he was reading
all of your insecurities like they were written on your face with a sharpie.

He was a precision debater. A smart bomb. A laser-guided SCUD missile choosing
the exact words— and only the exact words—to cut to the bone. He was mostly
silent, listening to everything anyone said, but those few times he did engage,
his interlocutors walked away deeply shaken. Two of them actually stopped coming
to meetings. Rudi decided to avoid him.

But the lazy-eyed boy didn’t decide to avoid Rudi. He dogged him everywhere,
until one day Rudi found himself cornered in Low Library with no way out.

“You’re not an idiot,” the lazy-eyed boy said to him by way of an introduction.
Rudi was nonplussed. “Th-thank you...?”

“I watch you at the meetings. You don’t just wait for the other person to stop
talking so you can say what you were already going to. You actually listen.”

Rudi paused for a moment, realizing what a profound compliment he had just been
paid. “You want to go get coffee?” Rudi asked.

The lazy-eyed boy said yes.

His name was Shane Spiegel. He was from a prominent Jewish family in Vermont and
Columbia was their alma mater. Some elder Spiegels had actually taken part in
the ’68 occupations with Rudi’s father’s father.

They became close friends, bonding over everything from bipartisan politics to
Bob Dylan. Shane wasn’t actually as blunt as he first seemed, but he needed
softening, so Rudi socialized him. Shane, in turn, taught Rudi the mechanics of
framing a debate. Gradually, Shane’s lazy eye disappeared. Rudi had no idea
where it went, but he never bothered to ask.

Then came summer break. Shane went back to Vermont and Rudi back to Rochester to
stay with his ailing grandpére.

After the summer, on their first night back on campus, they got drunk and went
out on the South Lawn to hang out. They talked late into the night about
politics and how their summers had gone. Around one in the morning they ran out
of things to say and fell silent. Rudi got a dreamy look in his eyes and stared
off at Low Library.

“You know they occupied that one,” Rudi said, pointing at the building. “Who?”
Shane asked.

“Our grandfathers.” Rudi looked over at Hamilton Hall. “That one, too.” He
stared for a minute, thinking of his Grandpa Rudd, his dad’s dad, leading a
train of students from Morningside Park onto campus and into Low Library. They
occupied several buildings for a few days, until a police raid in the early
morning injured 70 and arrested 700.

“Don’t you ever dream of doing something like that?” Rudi asked. “Occupying
buildings?”

“Yeah. Radical protest.”

“To protest what?”

Rudi shrugged. “Whatever. There’s a thousand causes. We could protest anything.
It’s the protest that matters.”

He looked at Shane. Shane had a sparkle in his eye. He was thinking, dreaming,
imagining his grandfather marching up the steps of Hamilton Hall.

“It’d never work,” Shane said. “People aren’t liberal enough anymore.”

Rudi smiled. “Who said you had to be liberal to protest?”

They both turned back to look at Low Library, dreaming about the possibilities.
Chants, signs, megaphones.

“Let’s do it,” Shane said after a few minutes. Rudi broke into a deep grin.
