“RUDI.”

Rudi looks up from his laptop. Reese is standing at the end of his desk. “Yeah.”

“I’ve been thinking about Twitterpated.”

“What about him?”

“I finally remembered why he sounds so familiar.”

Rudi crinkles his brow. “You said because of that movie, Brambee or whatever.”

Reese waves his hand. “Bambi, and yeah, but it’s something else. I thought it
was nothing but it’s been nagging at me and I finally remembered.”

Rudi waits for Reese to elaborate. He doesn’t.

“What?” Rudi asks.

Reese blinks, startled. Then he remembers what they were talking about. “The
McConnell Report,” he says, sitting down on the desk.

“What?” Rudi asks. “McWhat Report?”

“The McConnell Report. About Thumpergate.”

“Reese, you’re speaking another language. Blambi, McDonnell, Thumpergate. What
the fuck.”

“It’s Bambi! And McConnell. But shut up, just hear me out.

“Thumpergate was a small scandal, back in ’16. There was this little House
Representative race no one gave a shit about in the South Dakotan First. About a
week before the election pictures and audio showed up online of the Republican
incumbent meeting with private hospital reps for a very expensive dinner in
Sioux Falls. The recordings were very suggestive. Like bribery suggestive. It
got swallowed by the Presidential race nationally but it played huge in the
local news, especially when it rang with the whole ‘drain the swamp’ thing going
on. It ended up shifting the election. A Republican stronghold went blue for the
first time in decades. Big upset.”

“What does this have to do with—”

“Shut up and listen and I’ll tell you.

“About a week after the election someone does a little digging and the whole
thing unravels. The Representative had been screaming bloody murder about the
whole thing being a set up and it turned out he wasn’t lying. The evidence was
all fake.”

“I’ve never heard of this,” Rudi says.

“And why would you? Since when do corrections every play big? Especially in
little nothing local news stations in Po-Dunk, South Dakota?”

“You said it was the South Dakotan First.”

“Yeah. What of it?”

“There’s only one district in South Dakota.”

“How the fuck would you even know that?”

“My point is it’s not a little nothing district, it’s the entire state.”

“And? It’s fucking South Dakota.”

Rudi mutters under his breath. “And Democrats have to wonder why we lost the
election.”

“What?”

“Nothing. Did they hold special elections?”

“Of course not,” Reese says. “That’s not how this works. Elections are
permanent. Or at least until the next one. There are no do-overs. You lose, you
lose. There are no do-overs. I’m pretty sure the orange-haired monkey in the
Oval Office wouldn’t be there if there were.”

“Not for lack of trying,” Rudi says.

“The State Congress put together a special investigation committee, to find out
how it happened. Turned out shit like this has been going on for years. It comes
from 4Chan, that message board where Anonymous started. They’d pick a celebrity
target, someone they love to hate, like Justin Bieber, and flood their Youtube
and Twitter with messages like ‘RIP’ and ‘He was so young!’ and stuff like that.
The fantards would flip, thinking he was dead and then Bieber would have to come
out and tell everyone that the rumors of his death were greatly exaggerated. It
actually gave the fucker a tick in sales, so I’ve always been curious if he
helped coordinate.”

“Like information warfare,” Rudi says.

“Exactly. Guerilla marketing, disinformation, propaganda, fake news, whatever.
The Russians did a shitton of it during the Presidential Election, but they
didn’t give much of a crap about the South Dakotan First.”

“Or did they?” Rudi asks.

Reese looks at the ceiling, thinking.

“Nah.” Reese shakes his head. “Anyway, The South Dakotan First stuff just took
this 4Chan thing to the next level. But that was the key difference from the
Russian stuff in the Presidential Race: the Russians made overtly fake news,
like Pizzagate and ‘Pope endorses Trump.’ This thing was _realistic_ fake news,
skilled photoshop work, audio clips. and on a smaller scale where people aren't
looking for fake news. The McConnell Commission found the whole thing right
there in 4Chan’s archives. Everything was there. The planning, the photoshop
work, the audio sessions. Everything. And the whole thing was organized by
someone going by the handle Thumper, the name of a rabbit in Bambi.”

“No shit,” Rudi says.

“Seriously.”

“You think Twitterpated...”

“I don’t know,” Reese says. “It’s sketchy, isn’t it? In fact, Thumper was one of
the three woodland critters that the owl taught the word.”

“Seriously, you’ve got to stop watching kids’ movies,” Rudi says. Reese ignores
him. “I think we’ve got a very plausible connection.”

“What if Twitterpated faked the video?”

“He may very well have.”

“Should I try to find out? Should I ask if he’s the same guy?”

“Fuck no,” Reese says. “You’ll scare him off. And like I said, the fakes were
very bad. It’s incredible no one caught it earlier. And video is notoriously
hard to fake. If it is fake, my guys will know. Play this one close to your
chest.”

“You sure?”

“Yeah. Don’t even tell Mack. I don’t want him worried we’re getting played. If
the video turns out to be fake, then we’ll tell him.”

“Alright,” Rudi says.

“Rudi, seriously, my guys will let us know.” He stands up. “Get back to work.”

Reese walks off. Rudi turns back to the email he was composing.

```
To: sspiegel@npn.org
Subject: Big Story

Something big is going down. Major protest target. I’ll have more at the end of
the day. Recommend you start mobilizing ASAP. I’ll fill you in tonight. Meet me
at the Starbucks on Avenue of the Americas at 7.
```

Rudi wonders if he should send it out after all. If the video turns out to be
fake he’ll have wasted a lot of time for a lot of people. Possibly even eroded
their credibility.

But, he thinks, if it’s real, which is likely, they’ll need to already have the
machine spinning up by the time the story hits the stands.

Fuck it, he thinks. He cc’s jwallace@npn.org, mwenceslas@npn.org, and
sbolivar@npn.org, three people he’s never met.

He presses send.
