THE primary apparatus of the group they created was a communications network, a
hodgepodge of Rudi’s blog, Facebook groups, Twitter, and mass texting. The idea
was to organize demonstrations and organize them fast. Flash mobs. Blitzkrieg
protest.

But the apparatus needed a decision-making head, a governing body to decide on
what issues to protest and how. And that’s where things got interesting.

Past protest groups, like their grandfathers’ SDS in the ’60’s, built themselves
on ‘Prefigurative Politics’, creating within their organizations the system they
sought to create in the world. Usually, as with the SDS, this meant Direct
Democracy, everyone having an equal say on every decision. Rudi and Shane, in
direct contrast with this, decided on forming a post-figurative political
structure, representing in microcosm the society in which it already existed.
This meant a republic, a representative democracy, with a directly-elected
representative committee and a President and Vice President, just like in the
United States of America.

They called themselves after the Sans-Culottes, radical republicans in the
French Revolution, almost as a joke. For one thing, the name was downright
funny. And it definitely captured the Punk/Yippee! vibe they were shooting for.
But more seriously, while republicanism may have been an idea of the far- left
in the 1790’s, it was downright staid in the 21st Century, which was perfect for
their brand of extremist centrism. So they became the Pantsless, militant
moderates.

And thus the No Pants Network was born.

The NPN grew fast that first year. Rudi and Shane were still the only
triple-partiers on campus, so they began to recruit from within the College
Republicans, Democrats, and Libertarians. At a certain point the power on campus
flipped, and the party clubs began to act within the NPN the same way the DNC
and GOP operated within the US government.

There was limited action that first year. Just a few flash mobs and walkouts in
sympathy with the minimum wage strikes and Black Lives Matter campaign then
popular in the city. The NPN skewed liberal, but it was practically conservative
compared to the SDS in the 60’s.

The next year Rudi and Shane were re-elected President and Vice President and
they sought to expand the NPN beyond Columbia. They started attending political
meetings at NYU while female members started visiting Barnard clubs, since
Barnard was a female-only school. By the end of their junior year, NPN chapters
were started at NYU and Barnard. They linked the three chapters in a model UN
meets G8 structure, still following a post-figurative political program.

Then, in the beginning of their senior year, Rudi’s grandpére died, he got a job
with the New York Journal, and he resigned the Presidency. Shane took office,
had a replacement VP confirmed, and carried the NPN on without Rudi. Rudi
maintained only a very tenuous connection with the group. Contrary to Mack’s
understanding, he’s a far cry from running the damn thing. But that tenuous
connection, Rudi thinks, might be just what saves the city from itself.
