RUDI arrives across the street from Starbucks still mired in memories of the
NPN’s history. During a lull in traffic he crosses and heads inside.

After graduation, Rudi got a call from Shane. He was very excited about plans to
grow the NPN movement and asked for Rudi’s help founding an independent chapter,
not affiliated with any schools, in Brooklyn. It was the next big step, he said.
He thought they could take it national.

Rudi said no. He had a reputation to protect now, an image, and he couldn’t
involve himself in anything that could be seen as a conflict of interest. He
said he was sorry, but he couldn’t be a part of the NPN’s future anymore.

It was a weak excuse. He was still just a columnist at the time, and a very
opinionated one at that. And Shane knew it was a weak excuse, but he accepted
it, no questions asked, no hard feelings. He went on and founded the Brooklyn
chapter alone, without Rudi, staying in touch only sporadically.

Rudi orders a coffee at the counter and scans the room. He spots the NPN
leadership sitting in the back, playing on their phones, waiting for Rudi. He
recognizes three of them from the NPN website: John Wallace, President of the
NYU Chapter, Meagan Wenceslas, President of the Barnard Chapter, and Sebastian
Bolivar, President of the Columbia Chapter since Shane graduated—but no Shane.

Rudi frowns. Last he’d heard Shane was still President of the Brooklyn Chapter.
Could that have changed? he thinks.

Rudi sees a fourth person at the table, a blonde man with an angular face. Could
that be Shane’s usurper?

Rudi shakes the thought off and pays for his coffee. He approaches the NPN
table. None of them notice him.

He clears his throat.

All four heads pop up. Then they’re practically jumping out of their seats to
formally introduce themselves.

John shakes Rudi’s hand first. He’s a tall, fit, black man with a bald head. In
a suit, he makes a commanding presence.

“It’s nice to finally meet you, Mr. Rudd,” John says. He gestures to his fellow
presidents. “I’m sure you’re aware that we’re all big fans.” 

Rudi smiles and nods. “ Call me Rudi, please.” 

John smiles back. His teeth are ivory white. He introduces the other presidents
one by one.

“This is Meagan Wenceslas,” he says. “President of the Barnard Chapter.”

Rudi shakes Meagan’s hand. She has a tight grip. She’s a handsome woman, with
dark hair and a pale, round face with a high forehead. She nods and smiles.

“This is Sebastian Bolivar,” John continues, “of the Columbia Chapter.” Rudi
shakes Sebastian’s hand. He’s a muscular, olive-skinned Hispanic man.

“And this is Amir Khaldun, of the New School chapter.”

Rudi flashes his eyebrows in recognition of the name, an ultra-liberal school in
Brooklyn. But its being ultra-liberal isn’t what bothers him. He lets it lie for
the moment.

“Arabic?” Rudi asks, shaking Amir’s hand. He notices how young Amir is, even
among these college students.

“Farsi,” Amir says. “My father was Persian. My mother’s Swedish.” He points to
his blonde hair as an explanation. “She loves your column.”

Rudi smiles. “Tell her I appreciate her readership, as does the Journal.” Amir
smiles and nods earnestly.

Everyone takes a seat. The table is silent for a few moments. Rudi breaks it.
“Where’s Shane?”

“He’ll be here any minute now,” John says.

Rudi feels relieved. So Shane hasn’t been usurped, he thinks. “So...” Rudi
begins. “We’re starting chapters in high schools now?”

Amir stands up, fuming. Sebastian puts a hand on his shoulder and pushes him
back down.

“There’s nothing in the charter that says we can’t,” Sebastian says.

“But when a demonstration gets hot will it be good to have a bunch of
fifteen-year-olds running around pretending they’re activists?” Rudi asks.

Amir jumps back up. Sebastian shoves him back down. Amir stews in his seat.

“High schoolers have been involved in many movements in the past,” Sebastian
says. “They’ve even started a few.”

“They started it on their own,” Meagan says. “Amir contacted us and we folded it
into the national group.”

“National?” Rudi asks, surpised.

“You haven’t been reading the website,” John says.

“Not lately, no.”

“We’ve been growing at a prodigious rate,” John says. “Sixty-three chapters
across the country. Eight here in New York. New School is the only high school,
but it’s one of the largest chapters in the city.”

Rudi’s speechless.

“The expansion began while Shane was at Columbia, after you left,” John
continues. “But it’s reaching a tipping point. At its height the Indymedia
movement was opening an IMC every six days. We’re at that rate already and only
accelerating, but we’re not international yet. Next month we’re holding a
national convention to establish a formal constitution and national leadership.”

“Jesus,” Rudi says.

Amir crosses himself. Rudi has to stifle a laugh. A Swedish-Persian Catholic.

“The postfigurative programs you guys began us with is our saving grace. It’s
allowed us to be much more flexible. Even with the profusion of political
ideologies in the leadership we’re able to reach consensuses faster and maneuver
with more grace than the direct democracy movements of the past. We’re really in
an amazing position to effect real change.”

Rudi feels a hand on his shoulder. He shifts to look up. “Impressed?” Shane
asks, grinning.

Rudi laughs and stands up. They embrace. Rudi sits back down and Shane pulls up
a chair. “We’re growing fast,” Shane says. “We could use an Op-Ed.”

“I can’t,” Rudi says. “Conflict of interest.”

“So disclose it,” Shane says. “What harm could it be?”

“We’ll see,” Rudi says.

Shane frowns and eyes him skeptically. Then he laughs and all the muscles in his
face loosen. “You never change. You don’t like promising anything.”

Rudi winks.

“So what’s the deal, Rudi? We sent out some cryptic messages over the network to
drum up buzz, are you gonna tell us what this is all about? What’s this ‘major
protest target’ you mentioned?”

Rudi reaches into his pocket and pulls out a square of paper. He unfolds it and
sets it in the middle of the table.

“That,” he says, pointing at the printout, “is going to be tomorrow’s front page
headline.”

Shane looks at Rudi skeptically again. Rudi nods. Shane reaches out a tentative
hand and slides the sheet of paper to himself. He picks it up and begins
reading.

“Holy shit,” he says within seconds. “Are you serious?” he asks, incredulous.
Amir crosses himself again but Rudi doesn’t find it so amusing anymore. “Why are
you showing this to us?” Shane asks. He passes it to John, who looks
inquisitive, like the other presidents.

“I have under-the-table permission to inform the NPN leadership.”

“For what?” Shane asks

Rudi watches John’s narrowed eyes lose their confusion and open like blossoming
flowers in time-lapse.

“You want to channel the city’s anger,” John says.

Rudi smiles. John passes the paper on and it makes its way through the hands of
the other Presidents.

“It’s our opinion,” Rudi says, “That this story will cause major unrest. A
peaceful protest could channel all of that unrest into a productive avenue and
prevent rioting and violence from breaking out.”

“I see,” Shane says, nodding. “We’ll have to move fast.”

“That’s why I emailed you earlier. I figured you could get the ball rolling
right away even if I couldn’t let you in on the details yet.”

“What did you have in mind?”

“I thought maybe a massive rally in a symbolic place,” Rudi says. “I was
thinking Wall Street. It’s near where the shooting took place and people are
already familiar with it as a protest location.

“Occupy Wall Street,” Amir blurts out.

Rudi nods. He does a quick calculation in his head. Amir would have been 9 or 10
when those demonstrations took place.

“I think that’s good,” Shane says. “Except this isn’t about income inequality
like OWS. It’s about the police.”

“So our symbolic target is Federal Hall instead of NYSE,” Rudi says, referring
to the memorial building standing where the first President of the United States
took the Oath of Office. “You could have speeches on the George Washington
statue.”

Shane smiles, admiring the way Rudi’s mind works.

“We’ll have to send a delegation to meet with the city’s black leaders,” John
says. “I’d like to lead it.”

“Good idea,” Shane says. “Tonight. ASAP.” He looks at Rudi. He explains, “We’re
not very big in the black community yet. Working on it.”

Rudi nods. “That will be essential Trevor was black. Both the white and the
black communities were hurt by this.”

“That’s what I was thinking,” John says. “We were all hurt by this,” Meagan
says.

“You’re right,” Rudi says. “And that’s how we need to play this.”

“About those speeches at the feet of George Washington,” Shane says. “Would you
be willing to speak?”

Rudi cringes. “I know it’s going to piss you off, but—”

“Conflict of interest,” Shane finishes for him.

“Yeah,” Rudi says, sheepishly. “That would be a big one.”

“I want you to reconsider that,” Shane says, holding up his hand to dampen
Rudi’s objections. “You’re a big symbol to the NPN community. You broke the
story. And you’re a hell of a public speaker. You could easily be the figurehead
of a big movement.” He lifts his hand again to stop Rudi from objecting. “I
don’t need you to make up your mind now. But think about it.”

Rudi purses his lips and nods reluctantly.

“Can we keep this?” Meagan asks.

Rudi nods. “But don’t leak it.”

Meagan nods back.

“Alright,” Shane says, standing up. “We’ll get started on this.” He holds out
his hand.

Rudi grips it. “Thanks. Hopefully this will prevent a lot of heartache. I’ve got
to get back to the office.”

Shane nods. They release their handshake. “Good seeing you.”

“You too.”
