Alexa Morgan picks up her latte from the counter and turns to leave. Midswivel
she hears a familiar song come from under her armpit and clash with the hipster
folk music playing in the Starbucks. It’s a very specific song, about a fiddler,
and Georgia, and the devil, and she chose it as the ringtone for a very specific
person. She sets her drink back on the counter so she can rummage through her
purse for her cell phone. When she finds it, she silences it, and drops it back
in her purse. She picks her latte back up and heads for the doors.

Five seconds later, right before she reaches them, she hears the devil issue his
fiddling challenge again. She takes a deep breath. Then she reaches into her
purse, whips out her phone, thumbs unlock and answer, and sticks it to her ear
all in one swift motion.

“What do you want?” she snaps.

“How about a ‘Hey, Dad, haven’t talked in a while, maybe we should get together
soon?’”

“What do you want?”

An older lady at a nearby table shifts in her seat to look at Alexa, her lip
curled in disgust. Alexa turns away, ignoring her. _Lady_, she thinks, _if you
knew even half the story..._

“The revolution’s starting today,” he says. “Will I see you there?”

“What are you talking about?”

“The protest today. On Wall Street. Oh, Sweetie, don’t tell me you haven’t heard
about it.”

“That protest?” Alexa racks her brain. If there’s a protest on Wall Street she
needs to know about it. She _works_ on Wall Street.

“Do you know a guy named Rudi Rudd?”

_Yes_, she thinks. “Why?” she asks.

“Have you heard of him or not?”

“Does it matter?”

There’s a pause on the phone. “Nevermind,” he says. He sounds frustrated.
_Good_, Alexa thinks. _Bastard_.

“Just pick up a copy of the Journal and be ready for crowds when you get to
work.”

“Whatever, bye.” _Nutjob_.

“And honey—” she hits the end call button before he can say anything else.

Alexa drops the phone into her purse and takes a deep breath. The aroma of
mingling strains of coffee is suddenly overwhelming. She notices the old lady is
still watching her.

“What are you looking at?”

The old lady glowers and turns back around.

Alexa decides she needs a moment. She heads to the back of the Starbucks and
enters the restroom there.

The creamy yellow paisly wallpaper reminds her of her grandmother. On her
father’s side. It isn’t helping her frame of mind. She sets her purse and drink
on top of the paper towel dispenser and pulls one out to blow her nose. It feels
like recycled brown sandpaper. She drops it in the trash. Then she sets her
hands on either side of the porcelain sink and looks in the mirror.

At five feet she barely comes up halfway in it. Her black hair is pulled back
tight to give her the stern, don’t-fuck-with-me, lipstick feminist look she
tries to project to the world. Burt right now her emotions are betraying her.

Alexa stares into her own pale green eyes and tells herself to get it together.
She breathes in and out in a steady, measured rhythm, in through her nose, out
through her mouth, like they taught her in P.E. class when she was just a girl.

After a minute she finally manages to stop shaking. She pulls out her compact to
fix her make-up. SHe puts it back after a quick touch-up and straightens her
outfit.

When she feels like she’s ready she takes a final, deep, zen-inducing breath,
grabs her purse and drink, and re-enters the coffee shop.

The coffee aroma seems stronger after the antiseptic smell in the restroom, but
it’s welcome now, not overwhelming. Alexa finds her stride and makes for the
exit.

Halfway there she pauses and turns back. She grabs a copy of the New York
Journal and pays the girl behind the counter in cash. Then she folds it into her
purse, marches to the doors, and shoulders her way back into the real world.

Out on the sidewalk Alexa begins to feel at ease. Concrete under her feet,
cosmopolitans heading to work at her sides, monoliths of glass and steel rising
up from the ground to form protective walls all around her. This is her place.
Her city.

Her mind turns to Rudi as she walks. She hadn’t thought about him for a long
time until her father mentioned his name.

She was never more than an acquaintance of his. She has his phone number,
though. She’d gotten it by being President of the College Democrats at NYU, of
which he had been a registered member—though he’d never actually been a student
at NYU. But she’d never talked to him more than a couple of times. His groupies
had always made sure of that.

Some writers have fanboys and some writers have groupies. Considering the
subject of Rudi’s blog, Alexa would have thought he was a writer for fanboys.
But from Day 1 he had most assuredly been a writer meant for groupies. Herds
of them. All those attractive, well-dressed, semi-brainy floozies Alexa had
always disdained. He had a way of making geopolitics and constitutional rights
seem like the most important things in the world. His charisma made his passion
for politics contagious. It probably helped that he was writing for the most
educated and empowered generation of women in history. And that he could get a
middle schooler to understand the Electoral College. Everyone went up 20 IQ
points just by being in a room with him. Factor in his association with the
hottest new group on campus—the NPN—and Rudi was instantly Big Man On
Campus—really _The Biggest_, on _any_ campus.

Which was also his ultimate detractor. You don’t waltz onto the NYU campus, into
the College Democrats, not even a student at the school, and fundamentally
change the way politics is done there without making a few enemies.

And that’s just what happened. Rudi and his friend Shane, who only occasionally
came to meetings, made enemies. A _lot_ of enemies. Especially among the male
members. Oh, Alexa heard the full _gamut_ of accusations—he’s a spy, an agent
provocateur, he’s trying to take over the club, he’s trying to _destroy_ the
club, he’s trying to destroy _all_the clubs, he’s tryig to take over the whole
_school_—and they were all ridiculous. But what they all had in common, behind
all their bluster, ALexa eventually realized, was insecurity. Jealousy. They
were jealous about how the girls talked to him. Because they _loved_ talking to
him. From the day she met Rudi Alexa never saw him without a girl somewhare in
his orbit. He didn’t have a reputation as a player or anything. It was just that
he liked girls and they liked him back. They _really_ liked him back.

Alexa, though, was always either too busy or too above it all to try getting
through his retinue of groupies. They really _weren’t_ dumb girls, far from it,
but that didn’t stop her from silently judging the whole lot of them. She used
to show her disdain by ignoring Rudi during the meetings.

Then, in their senior year, Rudi got a job with the Journal, catapulting his
reputaiton to superstar status among the students but forcing him to basically
drop out of all campus activities. Alexa lost touch with him completely, only
occasionally hearing snippets of gossip and reading his column whenever someone
passed it to her.

She never did get around to deleting his number, though. _Too busy_, she tells
herself.

When ALexa reaches the entrance to her subway station she stops and lauhs. She
knows the building across the street. It’s the NYJ building, where Rudi works. A
20<sup>th</sup> Century neogothic skyscraper towering over the street like a
monument to the media empire it controls.

Before she can tear her eyes away and descend the stairs, an unmakred police
interceptor pulls up to the sidewalk in front of the building. As its doors are
opening another one pulls up behind it. ANd another behind that. Alexa watches
5 unmarked police cars pull up and plainclothesmen climb out. 11 plainclothesmen
in all. They march up the steps to the NYJ building and disappear inside.

Alexa blinks. The cars are just sitting there, parked on the sidewalk, in a
tow-away zone. She blinks again. She wonders if she’s hallucinationg. SHe shakes
it off and descends the stairs, making it through the turnstile just in time to
board her train. SHe finds a seat and pulls out her paper.
