“Good morning, Charlie," Alexa says, greeting the grey-haired man sitting behind
the Dietrich Friedman desk.

“Alexa! What a pleasant surprise! I heard you were back! And now here you are!”

“You’re a terrible liar,” she says, passing him the slip of papershe was ordered
to deliver. “You asked for me.”

Charlie drops the message into the trash can under his desk without looking at
it. He smiles, never breaking eye contact.

Alexa laughs. “And you sent yourself a message to do it!”

Charlie holds up his hands. “You caught me. I could never resist talking to my
favorite intern.”

Alexa rolls her eyes.

“How’s your morning going, sweetheart.”

“Terribly.”

Concern passes over Charlie’s face like a raincloud. “What’s wrong?”

“They’re arresting Ernie.”

“The hot dog man?”

Alexa nods. “Yup.”

“For what, might I ask?”

“His permit expired.”

“Ah.” Charlie nods knowingly. “He’s very bad with that. Don’t worry, though.
He’s got a couple of priors but he shouldn’t get more than six months. He won’t
even see prison time.”

“_What!?_” Alexa blurts. “Six _months_?”

Charlie nods. “The law is a very serious thing, Alexa.”

“He forgot to renew his permit! How is that a six month sentence?”

Charlie shrugs. “I don’t agree with it anymore than you do, but food law is very
serious business. I read about a man who received eighty years for serving whale
meat.”

Alexa’s eyes shoot wide open. “Eighty years! That’s insane!”

“That’s just the way things are, Alexa.”

“I promised I’d get him a lawyer.”

Charlie chuckles. “This is why we love you, Alexa. You’re an unpaid intern but
you still want to help the hot dog man. Don’t do that, I’ll handle it. _I’ll_
get him a lawyer.”

“Promise?”

“He’ll have the best defense money can buy. Maybe we’ll get him off completely.”

“Thank you, Charlie.”

“You’re welcome. Now don’t think of it.” Charlie smiles. “Tell me what you’re
thinking. What’s the market going to do today.”

“It’s going up,” Alexa says. “The CBO report came out this morning and the
numbers looked good.”

“Care to wager?”

“You think it’s going down?” Alexa asked. “It’s already in an uptrend...”

“It’s going down,” Charlie says confidently.

“Why?”

“Did you read the paper this morning?”

Alexa frowns. “I did, actually, but there was nothing in there to make me
naysay.”

Charlie blinks in amazement. “Nothing in there? Did you even see the front
page?”

Alexa blinks now. “You’re talking about the police cover-up? But that wouldn’t
affect the markets.”

“It’s not the cover-up, it’s the protests _because_ of the cover-up.”

Alexa barks a laugh. “Charlie, you’re kidding. Protests don’t touch the markets.
You remember Occupy Wall Street. The Dow didn’t budge.”

Charlie smiles. “This one’s special. I can smell it.”

“You’re crazy.”

“Care to wager?” Charlie asks again, reaching into his pocket and pulling out
his money clip. He slides out a crisp bill and sets it on the desk. It makes a
little tent from the fold.

“I’ll bet you fifty dollars the Dow goes down five hundred points by lunch.”

Alexa laughs. “I’ll take that bet. It has five hours to do that and it’ll have
to level off first.”

“We’re very confident this summer, aren’t we?” Charlie asks, his eyes twinkling.

Alexa frowns, cut by the sarcasm. She looks out over the trading floor, trying
to see what Charlie sees in it.

“You should take some time today to glance out the windows at the protest,”
Charlie says. “ASnd I suggest you sniff around the floor today.”

Alexa stares at the crowd.

_The revolution’s starting today_, her father said. _Will I see you there?_

“Listen, you don’t have to take that bet if you don’t want to,” Charlie says.

Alexa shakes her head. “No, I do,” she insists. She continues to stare,
searching.

“Alright, well, I’m sure you have some work to do. We’ll get lunch on the
winner’s dime.”

Alexa doesn’t respond.

_The revolution’s starting today..._

Charlie puts his hand on her back. “Alexa.”

“Yeah,” she says, snapping back to reality. She turns to look at him.

“Go away.”

Alexa smiles. “See you at twelve.”
