Alexa lets the door slip closed behind her. She turns her face up toward the
catwalks and vaulted ceiling and closes her eyes. She listens to the pre-opening
bell chaos, takes a deep, soul-settling breath of it all, and shudders. She can
hear it all: traders shoring up yesterday’s positions, calling futures
predictions, reciting daily good luck prayers. All the quirky superstitions of
big money handlers. Two days back and she already feels at home again.

A year ago she found herself with a free summer before she started grad school.
Looking to get some real-world experience and pad her résumé, she spoke to her
mother, heiress to a wealthy, patrician, New England family. Her mother tapped
her considerable resources and produced, as if by magic, an interview for the
perfect internship: the New York Stock Exchange. The interview went smoothly and
she got the job.

When she told some of her fellow prospective MBA students she found out that
they all thought she was wasting her time. With the advent of online ordering,
they said, there was no need to be physically present at the NYSE for trades
under 1200 shares. So, they reasoned, the actual Exchange had become a ghost
town. The best traders on Wall Street never left the comfort of their plush
offices. All of ther friends, Alexa discovered, were getting internships at the
big investment banks to learn from Master-of-the-Universe types.

Alexa was excited to find, after ignoring their advice, ther her friends had
absolutely no idea what they were talking about. They were right that almost all
of the current crop of star traders never showed up at the NYSE in person, but
they were wrong to think she wouldn’t learn anything here.

Dead wrong.

Instead of baby traders with fancy algorithms and shiny computers, she found the
Exchange filled with hardened veterans, old-timers who’d been trading on the
floor since before those fancy hedge fund managers had been born and still
_would be_ long after those babies had “blown up” and lost their jobs. These
geezers wouldn’ted give up the physical building for anything in the world. They
had carefully honed their craft over lifetimes, and nothing could be more
valuable than the education she received from them.

Alexa listens to the opening ceremony with her eyes still closed, trying to calm
her nerves after a stressful morning. The guest bell-ringer today is the CEO of
Endgame Systems, a cyber defense company with a new government contract. They
have a big IPO in a week. The opening words take all of a minute, and then the
bell rings and the trading day officially begins.

Alexa opens her eyes and looks out over the trading floor. The chaos has begun
in earnest now. It looks like nothing more than a mob. But to the trained eye
it’s a more effective market indicator than any trading chart could ever be.

_This_ is her secret weapon. The number one reason she came back to intern a
second year. Beside all the rules of thumb and trader’s heuristics, her old men
had been teaching her to read the market through the crowd.

When they told her to read Jung and learn about the collective unconscious she’d
laughed in their faces. But they explained that it wasn’t anything supernatural
or paranormal, it was just that when you get a group of humans together they
_mesh_ together, into some kind of hive mind through words and gestures and
facial expressions. Their mood as a collective can be read in the price
fluctuations. And if one could read their emotions, from irrational exuberance
to flash panic, _in the crowd itself_, one would gain a considerable advantage
over the chart readers. All you had to do was learn the language. Or so these
old men kept telling her.

She humored them. And after a few weeks she started to see that it worked. She
couldn’t explain it but the crowd seemed to be a monster of its own, one that
could tell you whether to buy or sell, and a few other things besides.

“Take this to Dietrich Friedman.”

Alexa snaps out of her trance and refocuses on the runner standing in front of
her. She takes the slip of paper he’s holding out to her and nods. He rushes
off.

As an intern, she’s the lowest of the low. She has to perform all the duties of
a runner—the green-vested grunts that run messages and orders all over the
building—and then some. She often has to use her own money to run errands all
over the city, like the one she’s just returned from in midtown. But she
wouldn’t trade it for anything. In the course of her duties last summer she met
foriegn dignitaries, goverment officials, community leaders, reporters, and some
remarkable business owners. She visited the UN building, the Federal Reserve
building, the headquarters of half the banks in existence, and at least a
quarter of the floors of One World Trade Center. But while the politician in her
loved getting to know the city, the trader in her lived for the moments, like
this one, the first of the new summer, when one of her old men, her mentors,
requested her for an “errand” so they could kill some time giving her a lesson.

Alexa takes a last look at the crowd and marches off to find the Dietrich
Friedman trading desk.
