Alexa stands up mechanically when her train pulls into Broad Street Station. The
doors open and she crosses the platform in a mental haze, her father’s words
still ringing in her ears.

_The revolution is starting today_, he said. _Will I see you there?_

She slides through the turnstile and climbs the steps to the surface, emerging
on Wall Street oblivious to the men and women in power suits rushing to get by
her. She just keeps hearing that one word rolling around in her head, spinning
like a revolving planet.

“This is fuckin’ bullshit!”

Alexa raises her head.

“Yeah, yeah, whatever, keep talkin’.”

A pair of police officers are harassing the hot dog vendor outside the NYSE
security fence. One officer is searching his cart while the other holds onto him
by a flabby arm, cuffed tightly behind his back to the other hand.

“I been sellin’ dogs ’ere fifteen years!”

“Not anymore, pal.”

“Aha!” The officer shouts triumphantly, standing up with a jar of green herbs.
“What is _this_!” he asks.

Ernie smirks. “Fuckin’ oregano, retard.”

The officer scowls suspiciously and goes back to the search.

“What is going on here?” Alexa asks.

“Miss Morgan!” Ernie shouts desperately. “Tell these bastards I been sellin’
dogs ’ere for fifteen years. I ain’t done nothin’ wr—”

He’s cut short when he flies forward by his arm, slamming his pelvis into the
cart. He yelps. The officer pulls him back as if nothing happened.

“Hey!” Alexa shouts, pulling her cellphone out of her purse and opening the
camera app. “Where’s your body cams?”

The officer points a finger at her. “Get outta here right now or you’re gonna
piss me off.”

“Alexa! Leave ’em alone!”

Alexa turns to see where the voice came from. She sees it’s Bob, the security
guard at the entrance gate to the NYSE security fence.

Alexa turns back to the cop holding Ernie, ignoring Bob.

“What has Mr. Rodriguez done?” she asks, keeping her cellphone pointed at him.

“Nothin’!” Ernie shouts.

“He’s sellin’ food without a permit’s what he’s doin’!”

“I got a permit!”

The officer jerks him quiet. “It’s expired.”

“You’re arresting him for that!?”

“Yeah, and you’re gonna join ’im if you don’t move it along.”

“Alexa!” Bob shouts.

“For what!?” Alexa shouts.

“Fredricks!” the cop shouts. The searching officer stands up and takes control
of Ernie for him. The cop unclips a leather pouch on his belt and takes out a
pair of steel cuffs. He holds them up like hoop earings.

“For interferin’ with a police investigation, that’s what,” he says, taking a
step forward.

“Alexa!” Bob shouts. “Get outta there!”

Alexa takes a step backward.

“Officer!” Bob says. “I got ’er!”

“You better, or I will.”

Alexa starts walking toward Bob’s gate. She keeps her phone trained on the cop.

“I’m going to call a lawyer!” she shouts.

“Put that thing away,” Bob says. “Lemme see your employee ID.”

Alexa turns off her cellphone and slips it back in her purse. She pulls out her
ID and shows it to Bob.

“Don’t pay them any mind, honey.”

“How can I not?” Alexa asks. “That’s Earnie they’re arresting!”

“Well, he broke the law,” Bob says.

“By letting his permit expire?”

“He should’ve gotten it renewed and none of this would be happening. But he
didn’t. He got lazy and now he’s paying the price.”

“By going to jail?”

Bob shrugs.

“Since when do we arrest people for getting lazy?”

“You break the law you break the law.”

Alexa shakes her head, frustrated.

“Do me a favor, go inside before you get in any more trouble.”

Alexa shakes her head again. “I can’t believe you put up with pricks like that.”

“I don’t,” Bob says. “I’m a security guard because I can’t put up with pricks
like that. Now, please, Alexa, go inside.”

Alexa nods, visibly upset, and crosses the security buffer to the New York Stock
Exchange.

_The revolution is starting today_, her dad said. _Will I see you there?_

She opens the door and walks inside.
