One morning, two years ago, Mackw as walking from the laundry room to the
bedroom in his apartment when he happened to to glance over his daughter’s
shoulder at the family computer. What he saw on the screen stopped him cold.

He stood there, swaying, a load of warm laundry in his arms, jaw hanging slack,
staring at the monitor and wondering how this could have happened. _Was she
hanging out with a new group of friends at school? Was she just getting older?
What happened? What did I do?_

Mack slowly broke into a grin. His baby girl was reading a political blog on the
Huffington Post! _Sure_, he thought, _it’s a gossipy sort of rag, the kind my
colleagues like to make fun of, but still! It’s politics!_

This was a major revelation. His daughter _was_ interested in something of more
substance than the latest line of purses from Coach or a fire sale at Forever 21.
He could talk to her about _interesting_ things now. For Mack,
Editor-in-Chief of the New York Journal, this was big news.

Caroline noticed him breathing down her neck after a few moments. She turned
slowly around in her chair.

“Yes?” she asked, growing suspicious.

Mack looked up from the screen, suspect toothy grin on full display, startled.

“What’s up?” she asked again.

Mack shook his head, too flustered to speak, and walked off smiling, in a daze.
Caroline rolled her eyes and went back to HuffPost.

Later that night, when Mack asked her about it at dinner, he was subjected to a
long lecture about about the duties of citizenship that would not have been
complete without at least 39 uses of the word “like.”

Since _that_ didn’t get him anywhere, he investigated the computer’s browsing
history and found her gateway drug: she was reading a political blog called _Pen
Not For Sale_. It was written in a bleeding-heart style, but it was written
_well_, and Mack could see the effect it had on his Hollister-minded daughter.

The author of the blog—the handsome, read-haired young man from the copious
hours of YouTube videos he posted—was a 21-year-old political science student at
Columbia University named Rudi Rudd. Somehow, by writing in his spare time, and
making liberal use of his webcam and strong jawline, he had managed to plug
himself and his blog deep into the city’s activist scene. And he had managed to
capture a large, young audience in the process. It was the Hunger Games effect:
simple, sincere, and exciting draws crowds. It seemed, Mack realized, that this
kid had made civic duty fashionable.

Mack decided to poach the kid for the Journal. He tracked him down at a College
Libertarians meeting on the Columbia campus. At the meeting Mack chose to hang
back and watch Rudi interact with his peers. To his surprise, no on equestioned
the grey-haired old man sitting silently in the corner.

The kid had gravity, Mack had to give him that. When he spoke, people listened.
The young ladies, especially, seemed interested in what he had to say. But there
was a group of young men that seemed to consistently ignore him. Someo fthem
actually started to talk over him. Mack made a mental note to ask the kid about
it.

After the meeting a dozen or so attendees, including Rudi, migrated over to a
bar off campus for a more informal gathering. There, Mack decided to make his
approach.

Leaning against the oak bar, holding a pint of expensive brown ale with a hip
name, Mack asked Rudi a series of casual interview questions.

First up: why was there bad blood between him and some of the club’s male
members?

Rudi’s answer: not everyone likes every blog post.

Mack suspected there was more to it.

“Ideology trumps reason for a lot of people,” Rudi said. “Political beliefs
become religion for them. They take it too seriously.”

“You don’t think _you_ might take politics too seriously?”

Rudi shrugged. “Sometimes. But I don’t let my disagreements with a person get in
the way of my personal relationship with them.”

“You get in a lot of disagreements with these guys?” Mack asked, gesturing at
the club members in the bar.

Rudi nodded. “All the time. They worship the idea of limited government at the
expense of sectors where the free market can’t solve negative externalities.”

Mack’s eyes widened. _Kid’s bright!_ he thought. “You’re not a Libertarian?”

Rudi shook his head adamantly. “No, definitely not.”

Mack cocks his head. “What then?”

“I’m a man who’s for the truth!” Rudi said, only half-jokingly. “And the truth,”
he said, leaning towards Mack, “fickle bitch that she is, crosses _many_ party
lines.”

“So you’re an independent.”

Rudi rolled his eyes, his cheeks flush. “If you _have_ to label me, I’m a
pragmatist. A _truth-is-what-works-ist_. If the Libertarians have the right of
it on a particular issue, then I’m for the Libertarians, _on that particular
issue_. Likewise for the Democrats, Republicans, Marxists, Anarchists, and
whatever the hell other party you feel like dredging out of the past. Even the
fucking _Situationists_ are brilliant on some things.”

“Marxists?” Mack asked, surprised.

“Yes,” “Rudi said, “even Marxists.”

Mack fell silent for a second. He looked up into the mirror behind the bar.
Rudi’s red hair looked darkly bloody in the dim light. Mack turned back to Rudi
with one last question.

“Would you say you’re a principled man, Mr. Rudd?”

Rudi crinkled his brow and nodded. “Of course,” he said without thinking.
“But...” He looked up to his left, as if working out a math problem.

“But what?”

Rudi looked back at Mack, relaxed, as if he had solved it. “Well,” he said, “I
guess I’d say, never let principles get in front of humantiy.”

Mack offered him a job on the spot. Rudi accepted. He started writing almost
exclusively for the Journal while he finished his degree. When he did, a year
later, he went to work for the Journal full time. And during that time, he got
to know Mack’s family.

Mack was a single dad raising a teenage daughter. Any man capable of such a feat
was naturally a very successful father figure. Rudi gravitated toward him like
water to low places. His grandpére, the only real father figure he’d ever known,
had passed away the previous year. Mack filled that aching void for him.

After the shock of Mason’s comments, Rudi feels that aching void acutely. He
knows Mack hasn’t left his apartment yet, because he always comes in late on
Wednesdays. So Rudi rides the subway north, uptown, and gets off a couple of
blocks from Mack’s apartment building.

