Rudi comes to an elegant white door in a long hallway of elegant white doors. He
rings the doorbell and waits for an answer.

One isn’t forthcoming.

He rings it again. After two more minutes he puts an ear against the door.

There’s music. And shouting. He waits another minute. And then the door slides
out from under him and he stumbles inward.

“Rudi!” a tall, pretty blonde girl just inside the foyer shouts over the music.
She steadies him with a hug.

“Dad’s in the shower!” Caroline shouts when they pull away. Rudi notices that he
can hear a hoarse shouting from deeper in the apartment.

“What is this!” Rudi asks, pointing a finger upward to indicate the music.

Caroline winks. “Something to annoy my dad. He won’t let me use the car!”

“It sounds terrible!”

“I know!” Caroline nods exaggeratedly. “It’s Top 40’s crap!”

Rudi shakes his head, laughing inaudibly.

“Can I get you anything!” Caroline asks.

Rudi only take a second. “A screwdriver!” His voice traces upward in pitch, as
if he expects her to refuse.

Caroline grins and nods conspiratorially. She likes the way he’s thinking. She
practically skips away to the kitchen, excited about a new rebellion.

Rudi makes his way to the living room and sits down on the couch. He turns on
the TV. The music is too loud for him to hear anything, but he can see that all
the networks are reporting on the Journal’s story.

The music suddenly cuts out.

“Damnit, Caroline!” Mack shouts from another room. “I told you to shut that crap
off! Did you see who’s at the door?” He appears in the doorway with wet hair and
a towel around his waist.

“Rudi!” Mack shouts, suddenly smiling. “What are you doing here?” He walks into
the room.

“Reese sent me home for the day.”

“Why’d he do that?” Mack asks absentmindedly, turning to look at the TV.

“Mas—”

“Why the hell are htey showing your face on TV?”

Rudi shuts his mouth. An old picture of him giving a speech at an NPN rally is
on the screen.

Rudi cocks his head. “I don’t know.”

“Turn that up.”

Rudi does.

“—Rudi Rudd, one of the journalists who broke the case, is expected to speak at
the protest—”

“Jesus Christ, Rudi!” Mack shouts. “I told you to mobilize a protest, not become
the face of the damn thing!”

“I—”

“You’re _ruining_ your credibility as a journalist!”

“I’m not—”

“Just _ruining_ it!”

“What’s everyone shouting about?” Caroline asks, coming in from another door,
excited that she’s getting to her dad.

“Oh, only Rudi’s ruining his career, that’s all,” Mack says.

“I’m not—”

“Cool, how’s he doing that?” Caroline asks, handing Rudi his screw driver. He
can see she made herself one as well.

“I hope that’s just orange juice, young lady,” Mack says.

“Of course it is,” Caroline says, somehow managing to say it in a way that
communicates it’s absolutely _not_ just orange juice.

“You can’t be drinking now!” Mack shouts.

“Why not?” Caroline asks.

“Because it’s eleven o’clock in the fucking morning!”

“That’s why I made _morning_ drinks,” Caroline says, smiling. “With orange
juice.” She holds it up. “See?”

“And you’re only 19 goddamn years old!”

“Jeez, potty-mouth much?” She takes a big, defiant gulp of screwdriver.

“And you!” Mack shouts, turning on Rudi. “Not only are you completely destroying
your name in this city—”

“I’m not spea—”

“—but do you really have to go setting such a bad example for my daughter as
well!?”

“I never said I was going to sp—”

“I mean seriously, Rudi!” Mack says.

“It was my idea, Da—”

“GOD—FUCKING—DAMNIT, PEOPLE!” Rudi shouts. Mack and Caroline clap their mouths
shut and look at Rudi. “I don’t know where CNN heard that bullshit but I most
definitely am _not_ speaking at the protest. And earlier I was _trying_ to tell
you that Mason and Patel raided the Journal with like ten cops this morning and
trashed the bullpit and I’m really fucking stressed right now and _that’s_ why I
need the fucking drink. Okay?”

Rudi huffs in silence for a few seconds. He looks at his drink and suddenly
finds it calling to him. He raises it to his mouth and quaffs deep. The stress
ebbs away before the vodka even hits his stomach.

“Mason and Patel?” Mack asks while Rudi’s still drinking. “Really? What did
Reese do?”

Rudi manages to pull the drink away from his lips and gasps.

“He had me call security while he filmed it. They left after that,” Rudi says.

“And they trashed the bullpit?”

“Thoroughly.”

“What are you guys talking about?” Caroline asks.

“I wonder why IA didn’t arrest them already. I called last night to give them a
head’s up.”

Rudi shrugs. “I don’t know, but they didn’t.”

Alexa snaps her fingers in her dad’s face. “What happened?”

Mack blinks. “The Fletcher Street Massacre was a cover-up. Rudi got proof so
it’s the front page story and now the two cops involved are harrassing the
Journal.”

“Wow, you summed that up quick,” Rudi says.

“I need to get to the office,” Mack says.

“Don’t you think maybe you should get dressed?” Caroline asks.

Mack looks down at his towel. “Right.” He hurries out of the living room.

“Why are you on TV?” Caroline asks.

Rudi glances at the screen. “They think I’m speaking at the protest tonight.”

“Cool,” Caroline says. She grabs the remote and turns it up. They watch CNN for
a few minutes, sipping their drinks.

“Right-O!” Mack shouts, blasting through the living room. “I’m heading to the
office for damage control.” He keeps moving, passing the two of them sitting on
the couch. “Rudi!” he shouts over his shoulder. “Stay here and babysit Caroline
for me, will you!?”

The door slams and he’s gone.

“Babysit me,” Caroline repeats. “Riiight...”

Rudi shrugs.

Caroline turns to Rudi. “Party?”
