“Have you taken any recent glances out the window, perchance?” Charlie asks.

Alexa nods. She and Charlie are sitting at the Dietrich Friedman desk eating
food cart fare. The markets don’t stop for lunch so it’s always a hurried
affair: bagged lunch or something off the food cart. Alexa is enjoying a roast
beef and provolone sandwich paid for by Charlie with a fifty dollar bill that,
until very recently, resided in her own purse.

“Quite the crowd out there, eh?”

_The revolution is starting today, will I see you there?_”

“Yes, Charlie,” Alexa says dutifully. “It’s a very large protest.”

“Have you reflected upon  your loss yet?”

Alexa snorts into her sandwich, smiling and shaking her head. Charlie can be an
unbearable prick when he wants to be. She theorizes that it comes with a million
dollar bank account.

“Yes,” Alexa says, putting down her sandwich. “I saw fear in the floor.”

Charlie nods.

“But I don’t get why.”

“You still don’t believe the protest is responsible?”

Alexa shakes her head. “It’s city news. City news doesn’t usually affect the
markets.”

“Sure it does. But it’s very subtle. Have you read any contemporary thought on
the collective unconscious, my dear?”

Alexa rolls her eyes. “Of course I have, I work _here_.”

“You know that some of hte latest theories _do_ point to some sort of
supernatural or metaphysical connection? A ‘god-like’ hive mind?”

Alexa frowns.

Charlie nods. “Some of the latest research—pertaining to the development of
prehistoric art cultures, of all things—seems to point to a hive mind developing
symbolic thinking when populations hit a certain critical mass. In other words:
the more people, the stronger the hive mind. Cities _do_ seem to develop minds
of their own, don’t they? Who would know better than we New Yorkers?”

“Charlie, what does this have to do with—”

“With the markets? Think about it, darling: what’s the dominant emotion out
there in the protest? Right out our front door?”

“Fear. Rage.”

Charlie nods. “Do you think these walls are mental-wave proof? Does the
noosphere stop at the door? What’s the predominant mood in _here_?”

“Fear.”

Charlie nods again. “The traders have their minds on their money, so they’re
more _susceptible_ to fear. But they also experience rage, to a lesser extent.
You’ll see it in arguments. They’re quicker to backstab, quicker to confront.”

“This is ridiculous.”

Charlie cocks his head. “I’ll try another tack. These traders are really just a
small portion of the forces that control the markets. The Dow is ultimately
controlled by the collective mood of the entire country—perhaps the world, no?
It’s the closest thing to a physical manifestation of the collective unconscious
that we can possibly imagine. Now, thest traders on this floor: think of them as
the market’s mouths, just as we taught you. How the market feels manifests
itself in the floor’s collective mood. They aren’t _affecting_ the market so
much as being affected _by_ it. Again: what is the predominant mood in here?”

“Fear and rage.”

“And what is the predominant mood in the country today?”

“I haven’t been watching the news,” Alexa says.

“Take a wild guess.”

“Fear and rage.”

Charlie nods and smiles, waving a hand toward the floor as if to say ‘_voila_’.

“That’s it?” Alexa asks. “You think the ultimate arbiter of the markets is the
mood of the country?”

“Zen, isn’t it?”

“No, it’s tautological!”

“Of course it is, but people forget it,” Charlie says. “You think the news
affects the markets, _but it doesn’t_. The mood of the _country_ does. And the
mood of the country is affected by the news. So if the mood of the country is
susceptible to the news, _any news_, then the markets are.”

Alexa frowns. “What does that say about the protest?”

“Ah,” Charlie says, smiling now. “Now _that’s_ the interesting question, isn’t
it? What the mood of the country says about markets is a practical question, on
ethat could make us a great deal of money if we could answer it. But what the
mood of the markets says about the country is a _philosophical_ question, no?”

Alexa waits, Charlie doesn’t speak. He’s waiting for _her_.

“Do the markets falling say anything about whether the protests will be bigger
or smaller?”

Charlie claps his hands. “It seems to have, hasn’t it? The markets fell and the
protest _is_ rather large. Some traders maintain that the markets aren’t merely
_reactive_, they’re _predictive_, too. Which is why we tend to be confused by
the _lack_ of market reaction to some large event. It’s because the event has
already been factored into the markets before the event occurs.”

_The revolution is starting today, will I see you there?_

“Charlie, this is really stretching it.”

“Is it, though? If the market is reading the collective mood of the people,
might it not be reacting to something in the future? Something the people
themselves _will do_ but don’t yet realize? Most modern research into willpower
and self-control indicate that we’ve decided upon a course of action before we
are even aware of it. We retro-rationalize our decisions after we’ve already
made them unconsciously. So the markets might be reacting to something the
country has already decided, but hasn’t yet become conscious of. Something the
hive mind thinks or feels that we, as individuals, don’t? If it’s reactive to
something we can’t see, is it not predictive to _us_? If the markets keep
falling, does that mean simply a larger protest? Or something else...?”
