Rudi keeps glancing at a blue plastic bin of cellphones. Earlier they were
buzzing every few seconds, like popcorn in a microwave. The popping has been
slowing down, though. Right now a few minutes pass between each pop. Like
popcorn when it's getting burnt.

Rudi thinks it's because everyone who _would_ be texting these phones is already
here, and _their_ cellphones are in the bin, too. It's like they captured an
entire social circle, six degrees of Kevin Bacon be damned.

Rudi found out what a blackout party was a few minutes after Jack and Teddy
floated the idea: post a status update saying you're going incommunicado, and
voila, turn your cellphone in and disappear. The party becomes a black hole:
information comes in—cellphones pop—but none gets out.

Rudi smiles for a camera with his arms around two girls. The flash goes off and
they turn and hug him.  Rudi takes a glance at the blue bin on top of the TV
cabinet, popping again, and then shoots a glance at the TV, muted under the
music, where Mason and Patel are giving a press conference on the steps of city
hall to deny all the allegations. Then Rudi gets ready for the next photo, this
time with a fratty-looking guy wearing cargo shorts and boat shoes. The camera
flashes, hug, handshake, and it's time to get ready for the next photo.

This was the compromise. THe event page came down immediately and they started
sending out invitations (40 guests max; BYOB), but after new arrivals turned in
their cellpyhone sthey still wanted pictures with Rudi. He had already been
something of a legend in this crowd, but, now that his face is all over TV, he's
an icon. The photos wouldn't go up online until tonight, but it served to
satisfy the guests. Rudi didn't have to worry about having a digital spotlight
on his location to draw retributive cops and everyone got to say they met Rudi
Rudd. Pics or it didn't happen.

Rudi puts his arm aorund a petite brown-haired girl.

Smile. Flash. Hug.

Rudi holds up a finger to Teddy, the photogorapher. Teddy lowers the camera and
nods.

Rudi shimmies over to the coffee table and picks up the glass of cognac Jack
poured earlier for him (siphoned from Mack's liquor cabinet with little
objection from Caroline). He takes a swig and lets it slide down his throat,
warming his chest. He looks up and sees a packed couch.

"Does Caroline have a lot of parties here?" Rudi asks one of the guests.

"Who's Caroline?" the guy askss.

Rudi snorts a laugh and takes another sip, shaking his head. He sets down the
glass and squeezes his way back to Teddy and the photo wall. He puts his arm
around another starry-eyed girl.

Smile flash hug.

The doorbell rings. _One more cellphone for the black out bin_, Rudi thinks. He
slips his arm around a girl with dayglo-colored hair.

"Police," Teddy says, staring over the crowd into the foyer.

Rudi feels reality blink.

"Police!" Jack whisper-yells from the foyer. "Everyone to the back.

Rudi hears ringing in his ears. His mind begins crunching th rough terrifying
scenarios involving Mason and Patel. _Is this really happening?_ He shuffles his
feet, hemmed in on all sides, pressed forward against the back of the dayglo
girl, Teddy right behind him.
